Aamon and Clarence "Vic" (as in Vic and Blood)

Aamon = A demon many looked to reconcile friends and foes, and procure love for those seeking it. "The Seventh Spirit is Amon. He is a Marquis great in power, and most stern. He appeareth like a Wolf with a Serpent's tail, vomiting out of his mouth flames of fire; but at the command of the Magician he putteth on the shape of a Man with Dog's teeth beset in a head like a Raven; or else like a Man with a Raven's head (simply).

"Adventure Time" meets "Thundarr" meets "Rick n Morty" meets "A Boy and his Dog".

Vic in a data center setting up a system, occasional rumbling in the floor (name badge says Clarence). A small creature pops out of air vent (Aamon) in front of Vic, both are scared staring at each other, confused.

Before either one can react, large daemon breaks down the wall, Vic and Aamon run scared through a maze of hallways until they run into a dead end. They hold each other as they face their final moments of life. Just when the daemon is going to finish them, shots fly thought the daemons head, security has saved them. Security sees the creature, wants to kill it, the boy stops them, but they are determined. Just as security aims a rifle at the creature, another daemon appears. As security turns to fight the daemon, the boy and creature slip out the window, across the roof and down to a patio a few stories up, revealing a large scene where fleets of soldiers are heading towards the facility.

The two re-enter the building, a batch of zombies chasing them, a death-daemon is turning the boy's co-workers into zombies. The death-daemon is about to zombify the boy, when the friendly creature breaks the gem on the death daemon's chest, sending the death-daemon back to the lower dimension. The bond between the two is sealed now.

As time goes by, the situation reveals itself little by little. The SLAC/CERN like facility's experiments with their particle accelerator opened gateways to the adjacent dimensions to Earth. A lower and a higher dimension, ties into the biblical Angels and Daemons story. It sometime in the near future. Daemons can be anything from vampires, werewolves, but they are mostly wizards. Angels will be like Asgard = Elysium? Daemons want into the higher dimension because they can go anywhere from there. 

Angels and daemons can't reproduce. One advantage humans have is numbers and technology. Humans have gathered in defence of demons, want to replenish population. Marriage/monogamy becomes illegal. Continual pregnancy is encouraged. This raises protests with some of the young ladies naturally, but there is much social pressure. The war for earth has been going on for longer than the boy knows.

Not all lower dimension people want to dominate Earth or Asgard, but their land is harsh, Earth is better living. The friendly creature is one of them. Humans also hate demons, the friendship forming will be hard for both of them. Some humans are trying to develop portal tech to take over the demons. Some want to take advantage of the higher realm, but the relationship with the highers is not good, most highers are more more worried about demons than they care about Earth. There are a few on earth helping, but they have to do it secretly or risk being banned from Asgard.