Marvel Fanfare # 1-4 Story summary

Karl Lykos' old girlfriend Tanya Anderssen contacts the Angel and asks him to accompany him on a trip to find Sauron. Angel thinks he's dead, or at least pretends to think so considering the X-Men met Lykos not too long ago (but maybe they never had time to tell Angel about it), but Anderssen is able to prove he's alive and Angel agrees to help. 

The Daily Bugle sends Peter Parker to cover the expedition since he's had experience in the Savage Land. They crash on their way into the Savage Land and Angel and Peter (turns into Spider-Man first) are captured by the Savage Land Mutates and mutated into a giant spider and a giant bird, respectively.

Tanya is found by Ka-Zar, Zabu, Lykos, and Tongah and they launch a rescue effort.

Spider-Man, perhaps since he's mutated into a giant spider before, is able to regain some control of his mind, and he's not happy about what's happened to him. Even after he's cured it's said it will be a traumatic event that he'll never forget.

Angel, unlike Spider-Man, never gains control of his mind when he's in bird form.

Lykos absorbs the mutant energy from Spider-Man and the Angel (and also Tanya, who gets turned into a Neanderthal at one point), which cures them but turns him into Sauron.

Sauron decides not to get into a fight right away, so he flies off.

The X-Men meet up with Angel, who is at a military outpost outside of the Savage Land. They've been experiencing freak earthquakes, and Angel suspects Sauron is involved. In fact, it's Sauron, the mutates, and Zaladane, last seen in Uncanny X-Men #116 working with Garokk.

The X-Men head into the Savage Land. For once, the X-Men don't crash on their way into the Savage Land, but it's only thanks to the efforts of Storm. Later, Storm winds up in a costume that i guess was remembered fondly enough by someone that they made an action figure out of it.

They find that the village of the Fall People has been destroyed and its leaders killed. 

Nightcrawler, Colossus, Wolverine and Storm get locked in mortal combat with Magneto's mutates including Gaza the giant, Vertigo the siren, Amphibius the leaper, Timberius of the wolves and Barbarus the four-armed strong man. Watching from afar is their team leader, the macrocephalic Brainchild. But it's not the Master of Magnetism that's pulling their strings. Rather, it's the prehistoric horror known as Sauron. Soon, the winged monster that lives on mutant energy has captured the quintet of heroes and is using them as human batteries for his greater power!

Angel gets knocked out of the air and presumed dead, but he's found alive by Ka-Zar.

Shanna had been visiting the Fall People and was taken prisoner by Sauron along with them. Ka-Zar and Angel stage a rescue and are able to defeat Sauron and the Mutates.

They turn the Mutates' genetic decelerator back on the mutates themselves, devolving them into swamp savages, and Sauron is taken back to Xavier, who is able to find a cure for Karl Lykos.
